---
layout: post
title: Week 1 - New Beginnings
---

## Out in the open.

When I hear open source, I think goodness. For some reason there is something inherently good to me knowing something is open source. It represents this broader mission of freeness / openness of things allowing people to view, observe, analyze, understand, judge, modify the blueprints and behind the scenes of how these programs come to life and help our society progress as we know it. Frankly, although I have an optimistic opinion of open source, I was initially a bit confused by the idea; how can allowing everybody to see the inner workings of say, a banking system, not make it more vulnerable? This is where Prof. Joanna came to the rescue, and explained that open actually makes it more secure because as soon as a vulnerability is detected, it can be quickly patched. This, makes great sense. The main disadvantage of open, and advantage of closed source, is monetization. 

## That was open source? Would've never known.

Eclipse... never expected it. So powerful, so beautiful; definitely the most pleasure I've experienced programming was with eclipse. Mozilla Firefox also is very special, as I used it to develop my very first websites. Python as well, is the very first programming language I ever learned, and was very beginner friendly and is also near and dear to my heart. Lastly, and most recently, Audacity - an audio recording and editing application. I used it to record meetings with mentors and my Quran recitations, and it is another great open source tool I enjoy using.