---
layout: post
title: Week 2 - Coder's CODE of conduct. Ha, get it? CODE of conduct. *sigh*
---

<!-- 
    what are your own thoughts on the importance of Code of Conduct for a project? 
    would you be willing to work on a project that does not have a Code of Conduct? 
    do you think there is a realistic way of enforcing rules listed in the Code of Conduct for a given project? 
-->

## Behave Yourself 

The most common, saddening thing I see online is when an innocent post by an innocent Stack Overflow user asking an innocent question, gets completely obliterated by the keyboard warriors of the development community. If there's one online community that needs a strong enforcement of code of conduct, besides the online XBOX lobbies, it has to be this one. People are constantly belitted and criticized in mean ways for things undeserving. I think a code of conduct is absolutely essential, not only for an open source project but for any online software development forum, as it can keep everybody in check and make sure everybody feels comfortable and safe.

## On the Other Hand...

I get it, the frustration of people asking certain questions can be infuriating, both online and in real life. The number of times I've heard or read a question online that could easily just be Googled, are too many to count. On top of that, many of those questions have already been asked dozens of times in differing variations. And now with arge language models like ChatGPT, there should be less of an excuse. But granted, in some open source projects there are more unique nuanced issues that require a very niche knowledge and understanding. My point is though, a lot of times I think people get lazy to try a solution out for themselves first, and that can be frustrating to many. This is why I believe a code of conduct should exist not only for those who are ready to publicly shame an inquisitor, but also have some guidelines and general rules in place for people who ask questions in a lazy manner. 

Here are some good resources:
* http://www.catb.org/esr/faqs/smart-questions.html
* https://dontasktoask.com/