---
layout: post
title: Week 4 - Extensions
---

<!-- 
    comment about your group work on the browser extension, did you learn anything about yourself and how you are able to work with others?

    describe your own contributions to your team's efforts of building your browser extension
        comment on new things you learned (tools, features of tools that you were not familiar with, etc) or learned about yourself (skills you realized you have, team work preferences and style, etc.)

    comment on other teams presentations and their projects, did you have any favorites?
-->

## Experience

The browser extension exercise came at a very interesting time. I had to work for the Valentine's Day holiday so my teammates ended up getting ahead on the project. So much so, they completed it! I am grateful for them, but at the same time I feel like I didn't get to contribute much except some documentation and a small file. In relation to myself then, I learned that it is important to keep up pace with other members as they may get ahead and though it benefits you gradewise, you're left feeling like you didn't contribute enough and a small sense of guilt. 

Today I dedicated a large chunk of hours to help build an extra feature, which allows the user to simply have their location detected automatically. Despite all the hours, I got nowhere; specifically, I couldn't get the onClick response I was looking to work on the "Get my Location" button. The button appeared, but that's as far as I went followed by hours of trying to get it to work. I think the main reason is that although I have some familiarity with JavaScript, I have 0 experience with React, which is the main tool my colleagues used. This also taught me that I should maintain a stronger line of communication, and openness with my peers about my knowledge base.


## Other Projects

Regarding projects I liked, FocusPal is a good one since I use other similar extensions that aid in eliminating distractions when I study. I also really loved the idea behind Seshy; being able to track time spent in a more effortless manner is something I never knew I needed yet always did. Lastly I know exactly what I'd use WebPad for, and that'd be to dump all my web surfing thoughts. I tend to google something "real quick" and end up spending hours in a rabbit hole of that thing, but with WebPad I release it so that I don't forget it / can somewhat let go of the temptation to mindlessly websurf, and if I want to look at it later, at an allotted time, I can. Either way, it's always there, no thought lost.

