---
layout: post
title: Week 10 - Project Work
---


## Progress

Progress has been... slow to be honest. I think there are a couple of reasons; first, the magnitude of Musecore strikes fear into my heart, which unconsciously causes me to avoid starting it. Then, I'd say my lack of understanding in musical notation has made me very dependent on my classmates to teach me issues related to notation, but at the same time I think stylistic things are where I can most confidently contribute. A good example is recent: I got assigned an issue, a stylistic one, and my teammate had to spend a solid amount of time explaining why it was an issue, components I didn't understand that made it an issue in the first place, and I still think I need him to reexplain it to me! Lastly, I think I would've liked to work on something a bit more straightforward / within my field of interest like any tracking applications (Nutrition, productivity), or stylistic contributions like a new theme to a website. 


## Other Projects

I have recently started exploring other potential projects to contribute to. I have become interested in OpenNutriTracker, a nutrition tracking application. The reason I think I'd enjoy contributing to such an app is that I've used such things extensively in the past, obsessively even. I became interested in contrubiting a new theme to a typing training website called monkeytype, and was really ready to make a contribition, until I found out they had their own theme building website where you can just add a new personalized theme, no coding needed. Overall, I'm confident we're starting to progress with 2 issues assigned, and will make quicker moves here on out.

