---
layout: post
title: Week 5 - Open for Good
---

<!-- 
Make your blog post for the week. Comment on the videos you watched and the class discussion about them from this week. Were you surprised by anything you learned? What role, do you think, you could play as a computer scientist to address some of the issues mentioned in the discussion and videos?
Comment on your small contributions: how are things going, what types of contributions were you able to make? what are the biggest challenges? which contribution are you most proud of?

 -->


## Awesome Potential
The things that have excited me most about this class, which is an emotion I frankly was not expecting to feel in any Computer Science course, are 1. How wide the applications of software into our world can be, 2. How I can be more easily encouraged to do the work because I get to work what I'm interested on, and 3. The fact that we have the potential to cause real world change for the better through our skills and knowledge of open source development. I first chose the videos on the intersection of agriculture and technology, and the amazing collection of data from farmers that equate to hundreds of thousands of years of farming experience. Another thing I found fascinating was taking a peek into our probable future of farming at home thorugh hydroponic farming containers. 

## Favorite Bits
My favorite part of our discussion was by far the blood sugar monitor and sometimes automatic administration of insulin for diabetics. Though I don't have diabetes, many people in my family do, and I am very invested in things concerning the tracking of our bodies to promote better health, longevity, and overall quality of life. I've previously tracked my calories for a while in order to lose weight, which worked really well and sparked my belief and interest in these tools. I then ran into a problem a couple of years ago where I noticed that despite a good night's sleep and it being a normal morning hour, after I ate I'd feel very tired and sleepy. As is started to become a greater issue and interfere with my studies, I decided to do some research. What I found was that... my blood sugar was spiking then dipping dramatically due to the foods I was eating, causing the fatigue. I then started to pay attention to the GI index of what I ate, and my fatigue disappeared. With a blood sugar monitor, I'd be able to observe such things and consequently improve my quality of life, despite not being a diabetic! 