---
layout: post
title: Week 12 - Switcharooni
---


## Open Source Everything!!!
Chris Snider's presentation was great! His presentation given the technical difficulties was succinct and gave room for some of our questions as well. The idea behind such innovative technology that brings a diabetic closer to a normal and seamless way of living by simply automating medication administration, is very awesome. Although, "simply" is merely the idea, the implementation on the other hand seems like an entirely different beast. Chris also emphasized transparency, and how they make as much as they possibly could, from the code to their meetings with the FDA, all available for the public to see. This level of transparency is reassuring and benefitial to users, developers, and their leaders, and is also the paradigm of what it means to be an open source project.




## Switcharooni
Up until now, we haven't made any progress towards the MuseScore codebase, and now we came to find out that the developers are going to stop checking and accepting new pull requests... oh boy. So, the past week has consisted of figuring out the best project to transition to, and after successful development environment setup and a great onboarding process, we have decided on Oppia, the online education platform. It is a very active project, with lots of room for improvement; the issues seem possible to address and there is a more rigorous assignment approach that forces new contributors to address a lot of the issue before being allowed assignment to work on it. Although we missed out on a lot of time with MuseScore, I am very opitimistic about our potential to contibute to Oppia.
